Installation and Code Generation Setup Docs (#2517)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/shared/pods-setup-codegen-panel.mdx

<ExpansionPanel title="Cocoapods">

> Apollo iOS compiles the Codegen CLI during `pod install`. This ensures you always have the version of the CLI for the version of Apollo iOS you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo iOS compiles the Codegen CLI during `pod install`. This ensures you always have the a valid CLI version for your Apollo iOS version.
```

The Codegen CLI is located in your project at `Pods/Apollo/apollo-ios-cli`

<ExpansionPanelList>
<ExpansionPanelListItem>

> #### Initialize the codegen configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Initialize the code generation configuration
```

> The Codegen CLI uses a JSON file to configure the code generation engine. Initializing the Codegen CLI creates this file with default values. From the directory of your `Podfile`, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Codegen CLI uses a JSON file to configure the code generation engine. Initializing the Codegen CLI creates this file with the default values. From the directory of your `Podfile`, run:
```

```bash
./Pods/Apollo/apollo-ios-cli init --schema-name ${MySchemaName}
```

> `${MySchemaName}` should be the name you would like to be used as the namespace for your generated schema files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`${MySchemaName}` should be the name you want for the namespace with your generated schema files.
```

> This will create an `apollo-codegen-config.json` file with default options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create an `apollo-codegen-config.json` file with the default options.
```

</ExpansionPanelListItem>

<ExpansionPanelListItem>

> #### Set codegen configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure codegen options
```

Open the `apollo-codegen-config.json` file to configure code generation for your project.

The default configuration will:
- Find all GraphQL schema files ending with the file extension `.graphqls` within your project directory.
- Find all GraphQL operation and fragment definition files ending with the file extension `.graphql` within your project directory.

> - Generate your generated schema files in a directory with the `schema-name` provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create your generated schema files in a directory using the `schema-name` provided.
```

Author: The word using here doesn't seem clearly accurate to me. What I'm expressing is that the name of the directory in your folder structure will be the provided `schema-name`. Using seems too vague of a term to express that.

Reviewer: That makes sense to me! I'd still suggest switching out the first word of this bullet point, though:
```suggestion
- Create your generated schema files in a directory with the `schema-name` provided.
```
